Adriana Escobedo
Digital Operations Leader at Hilti Latin America
Nicolás siempre tuvo muy buenas aptitudes para hablar con los clientes y explicarles temas técnicos de una manera amigable y fácil de entender. 
Su conocimiento de sistemas B2B es muy amplio y tiene fácil aprendizaje para los mismos. 
Nicolas always had very good skills to talk to customers and explain technical issues in a friendly and easy-to-understand way. 
His knowledge of B2B systems is very broad and he has an easy learning curve for them. 



Alondra Garcia
Trainer CS at Hilti Latin America
Trabajando junto a Nicolás, entre sus cualidades puedo destacar su iniciativa, la facilidad en relacionarse con sus compañeros de trabajo y superiores, su ingenio, su carácter 
afectuoso y su don de mando.
Puedo confirmar que cuenta con un alto rendimiento, desempeño y conducta intachable, va siempre más allá de su rol para obtener resultados satisfactorios.
En este tiempo demostró ser un excelente colaborador, comprometido y responsable con su trabajo y el trabajo en equipo, siempre manifestó su preocupación por la mejora continua, 
por capacitarse para mantener la calidad en sus tareas diarias.
Fue un verdadero placer trabajar con él, por lo que sé que sabrá cumplir a cabalidad con las tareas que le sean encomendadas, por lo que gustosamente lo recomiendo.
Working with Nicolás, among his qualities I can highlight his initiative, the ease with which he relates to his coworkers and superiors, his wit, his affectionate character, and his gift for leadership. 
his affectionate character and his gift of command.
I can confirm that he has a high performance, performance, and impeccable conduct, he always goes beyond his role to obtain satisfactory results.
During this time he proved to be an excellent collaborator, committed and responsible with his work and teamwork, he always showed his concern for continuous improvement, 
He always showed his concern for continuous improvement, by training himself to maintain quality in his daily tasks.
It was a real pleasure to work with him, so I know that he will know how to fully comply with the tasks entrusted to him, so I gladly recommend him.


Claudio Espinosa
Representante Comercial
Trabajando junto Nicolás en equipo Customer Services de Hilti pude comprobar su alto nivel de compromiso superando las espectativas y apoyando a su equipo a alcanzar objetivos. 
Nicolás se diferencia por su gran nivel de responsabilidad, alegría y profesionalismo. 
Working together with Nicolás in Hilti's Customer Services team, I could see his high level of commitment, exceeding expectations and supporting his team to achieve their goals. 
Nicolás stands out for his high level of responsibility, joy and professionalism. 

Nicolas Sierra-Ramirez
Speech-to-Text for unlocking voice data. #STT #MediaIntelligence #Transcriptionandtranslationtools #ArchivingData #Compliance
I had the pleasure to know Nicolas during his role as Customer Service Representative and subsequently in the role as B2B Expert at Hilti Latin America. During this period, 
I could notice the passion and effort Nicolas put into his daily duties. Among his main skills, Nicolas is a professional with a broad perspective of teamwork, passion for clients, 
and B2B marketing strategy skills that allow companies to retain and obtain leads. I strongly recommend Nicolas for marketing, sales, and customer service positions.

Rodrigo Moraga
Customer Service Manager
Con Nicolás trabajamos juntos por más de 2 años. Durante ese periodo conocí a un profesional integro, con capacidad de enfocarse en alcanzar los obejtivos. Para lograrlo lo ayuda 
muchos su pasión por el cliente y una gran velocidad de aprendizaje.
Otra de las cualidades que observe es su capacidad de trabajar de forma inclusiva con otros adaptandose a las necesidades del equipo y tomando un rol para incentivar la 
colaboración de los otros miembros. Esto permitió que nuestro equipo lograra resultados extraordinarios en LATAM y Nicolás fue una de las piezas clave en ello. 
Estas cualidades profesionales pueden ser avaladas dando como ejemplo que en la empresa donde trabajamos Nicolás fue promovido en más de 4 oportunidades por distintas 
jefaturas y en distintas áreas. Incluyendo una promoción y traslado al extranjero para tomar resposnabilidades no tan solo para Chile sino que para todo LATAM.

We worked together with Nicolás for more than 2 years. During that period I met a professional with integrity, with the ability to focus on achieving the objectives. To achieve this, he is helped by his passion for the 
his passion for the client and great learning speed.
Another of the qualities I observed is his ability to work inclusively with others, adapt to the needs of the team, and take a role to encourage the collaboration of the other members. 
collaboration of the other members. This allowed our team to achieve extraordinary results in LATAM and Nicolás was one of the key pieces in this. 
These professional qualities can be endorsed by giving as an example that in the company where we work Nicolás was promoted more than 4 times by different bosses and in different areas. 
and in different areas. Including a promotion and transfer abroad to take responsibility not only for Chile but for all LATAM.

Washington Alegria
Area Sales Manager Mining at Hilti Chile
Nicolás es un gran profesional orientado al cumplimiento de objetivos, persona íntegra y colaboradora.. mucho éxito en tus nuevos desafíos.
Nicolás is a great professional oriented to the fulfillment of objectives, a person of integrity, and a collaborator... much success in your new challenges.

Christopher Terry
Product Owner at Hilti North America
I worked with Nicolás during his time as B2B Expert at Hilti. Nicolas was extremely helpful with increasing the number of customers on our automated ordering systems across 
the Latin America region. He was an effective communicator, eager to learn, and a collaborative.
Nicolás was always friendly and a pleasure to work with. Best of luck with your future endeavors!

Diego Ximenes
Gerente de Contas na Engbras / Engenheiro Mecanico - Centro Universitario da FEI 
Trabalhei com o Nicolás no projeto de integração B2B com as principais contas Hilti no Brasil. Ele como expert B2B regional e eu como contato alocado no Brasil. 
Tivemos uma rápida sintonia no trabalho e Nico sempre foi muito solícito quando eu o acionava, além de ser extremamente eficiente e competente nas tarefas que eram de sua responsabilidade.
I worked with Nicolás on the B2B integration project with the main Hilti accounts in Brazil. He as a regional B2B expert and I as the contact allocated in Brazil. 
We had a quick rapport in the work and Nico was always very helpful when I called him, besides being extremely efficient and competent in the tasks that were his responsibility.


Axel Cosio
HR Local Process Administrator for Mexico, Colombia & Central America
Tuve la oportunidad de trabajar en conjunto, en diferentes equipos, con Nicolas por su paso en Servicio a Cliente para Hilti Chile y porteriormente en su etapa de B2B 
para la región de Latinoamérica y puedo conlcuir que es un profesional que siempre se compromete con su equipo y sus objetivos y siempre está dispuesto a ayudar. 
Un excelente elemento que agrega valor al equipo que se una.
I had the opportunity to work together, in different teams, with Nicolas during his time in Customer Service for Hilti Chile and later in his time in B2B for the Latin America region and I can say that he is a professional who is always committed to his team and its objectives and is always willing to help. 
for the Latin American region and I can conclude that he is a professional who is always committed to his team and its objectives and is always willing to help. 
An excellent element that adds value to the team he joins.

Yader Bonilla Sotelo
Gerente Comercial | Gerente de negocios | Trade Manager | Gerente de ventas
Nicolás, es un profesional que siempre ha demostrado calidez humana, trabaje con el en Chile y constantemente tenía una pasión por el cliente y dama la milla extra para resolver 
situaciones, trabajando en equipo y con su experiencia, un profesional que sin dudas aporta valor.
Nicolás is a professional who has always shown human warmth, I worked with him in Chile and he constantly had a passion for the client and went the extra mile to solve situations, working as a team and with his experience, a professional who undoubtedly adds value. 
situations, working as a team, and with his experience, a professional that undoubtedly adds value.


Lorena Farias
Project Development Manager
Nicolás es un profesional capaz de desempeñar distintas tareas operativas de gestión de clientes y comercial. 
Excelente elemento en equipos multidisciplinarios fomentando la sinergia y el logro de objetivos comunes.
Nicolás is a professional capable of performing different operational tasks in customer and commercial management. 
Excellent element in multidisciplinary teams promoting synergy and the achievement of common objectives.

Paulo Diaz
Account Manager at Hilti Group
Muy buen profesional con muchas actitudes en trabajo en equipo.
Very good professional with many attitudes in teamwork.

Lic. Matias Konrad
Supervisor - Manager - Administrator
Nicolas, es un profesional de alta performance. Posee características en su perfil de líder, autogestion, resolución, y un profundo sentir de trabajo en equipo y compañerismo. 
He tenido el privilegio de trabajar junto a él, y he aprendido tanto de su experiencia y capacidad a nivel profesional como humana y personalmente. Sin duda que cualquier organización 
que cuente entre sus recursos con él, ganara gran valor en todos los aspectos y factores. Altamente recomendable para el éxito de cualquier operación. 
Nicolas is a high-performance professional. He possesses leadership characteristics, self-management, resolution, and a deep sense of teamwork and camaraderie. 
I have had the privilege of working with him, and I have learned as much from his experience and capacity on a professional level as I have on a personal and human level. There is no doubt that any organization 
that counts among its resources with him, will gain great value in all aspects and factors. Highly recommended for the success of any operation. 

Amaj Ahmed, MBA
Digital Business Analyst
Nicolas has been one of the best contacts to work with during my time as a global representative. As my main contact for Latin America, he proved to always be helpful, 
collaborative, experienced, and a pleasure to work with. I had no issues when performing implementations alongside him as he was always willing to take time to work through issues, 
regardless of any language barrier that existed (his English is as great as his Spanish). 
I thoroughly enjoyed my time working with Nicolas on the eB2B team and am sure that he will continue to excel in any position that he possesses. Thank you Nicolas!
